this is the mother and daughter June is
seven Lily is almost one-and-a-half and
close as these bears are today tomorrow
she could be chasing them away and
saying don't come near me while they're
together it seems to be a very deep bond
we put a collar on Lily so we could see
how she relates to June after they split
Lily is a special bear too but it's hard
to say at this point if she'll match
June well see some sound not ours but
some other sound you really alerts them
and it was just bud coming back hi bud
they sniff they greet identify each
other
everything's calm I've watched bears in
the woods for thousands of hours now I
never get bored of it the trouble is
learning enough that it's harder to
answer questions I thought I knew a lot
but as I see all the variability I
realize how little I know I'm just
scratching the surface and that's after
41 years
[Laughter]
it's interesting that they're nursing
shortly before family breakup
[Laughter]
you